Add more info to README. (#24)
uberduck-ai/uberduck-ml-dev: README.md

# 🦆 Uberduck TTS ![](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/uberduck-ai/uberduck-ml-dev) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/uberduck-ai/uberduck-ml-dev) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/uberduck-ai/uberduck-ml-dev)

> [**Uberduck**](https://uberduck.ai/) is a tool that is all about synthesizing peoples' voices. This repository includes some development tools to get started with creating your own synthesis model.

Reviewer: How about this rephrase?

```suggestion
[**Uberduck**](https://uberduck.ai/) is a tool for fun and creativity with audio machine learning, currently focused on voice cloning and neural text-to-speech. This repository includes development tools to get started with creating your own speech synthesis model.
```
